Today on this 2005 Chevrolet 3500 we are going
to install part number RP50064-58.
This is Reeses fifth wheel rails and install
kit.
The first thing we need to do is get the truck
ready to install the kit.
The first thing we did was remove the spare
tire so we can get underneath the vehicle
and install the hardware.
We will also lower the exhaust because above
the exhaust there is a heat shield and we
need to move the exhaust out of the way so
that we can cut the heat shield out of the
way.
We will look at the passenger side frame rail
of the vehicle and this is the heat shield
that goes all the way across.
We are actually going to remove two sections
of this.
We are going to remove this section here from
this hat channel as far back as we can because
right here is where we have to have wrench
access to tighten down parts.
The second section we are going to remove
is on this side of the hat channel, there
are two right in a row, so we are going to
cut across here and we are going to go all
the way to the next hat channel up here and
go across as well.
00:57
Next when you get into the bed of the truck
we will measure out where to put the base
rails.
What we are going to do is measure the edge
of the bed itself as described in the instructions
and make a mark, do that on both sides, we
will line up the rails with a mark and you
want to measure left and right to get it centered
in the bed.
With the rail in the right spot we will mark
out the holes we drilled.
On the rail going towards the cab of the truck
we are going to be using these two holes on
the outside edge of the rail on both sides.
We will find our center.
We will drill out a pilot hole with a 1/ 8
inch bit.
Repeat the same process for the remaining
three holes.
We are looking underneath the truck now and
we can see the two holes that we just drilled
out and we will hold the bracket up there
and see how everything is going to fit into
place.
We will just line them up roughly so it looks
like
the bracket
is going to be using this existing hole here
and it looks like we can U-bolt
it or
we can bolt
it into
place
here as well by
drilling
the hole out.
02:18